Now to shows such an alert React Native has got us covered from React Native we can import alert and
that's also not a component we use but instead object where we can call a native API where we can call
a native feature so here where we return if one of these conditions is met and deal for we're not having
a valid number data we can call alert dog alert and now throw an alert which you can configure as described
here you can set a title you can add a message and you can also add buttons and some general options
note a title could be invalid.
No the message string could be number has to be a number between one and ninety nine.
Buttons then is an array of alert buttons.
What you add here are simply JavaScript objects where each object can have a certain style a text and
a press so a click handler basically and I will add a text here where I simply say OK where I then define
a style and style here is one of free text values.
It's not a style you defined with a style sheet.
Instead it's one of these free predefined style identifiers.
It's either a cancel style default or destructive.
This changes the colour and presentation here and I'll give this destructive as a style and I'll also
add my own press handler where I point at the Reset Input handler because I want to reset the user input.
If it was invalid anyways with that the alert is configured and this alert will now be shown if the
input is invalid.
Here let's give it a try and save this.
And if I click confirm here I actually get to not a number.
We'll have to fix that but if I enter 0 here now I get this alert with the okay button and if I click
it does is reset and we're good.
But let's make sure that we also get as if we have not a number of chosen number is not a number.
And the reason for that is that this check won't work in JavaScript.
Instead you have a special is an end function which you wrap your value around.
And now this will check for you if this is not a number and if Dad's returns TRUE WE MAKE IT INTO IT
AS IF block at the would throw this alert.
So now submitting an empty value also is invalid.
So that's important.
Use is not a number instead of that equality check.
So now we're checking for this valid values are still allowed.
And with that let's work on this confirmation presentation so that we can soon also enter the next stage
and start a game.